[documentation]: Review Installation chapter (#68)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/build-and-install.md

- (Optional) [Docker compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) [^2]

[^1]:
    If you're having issues with installing Rust compatible with our code
    (2021 edition), please consult the
    [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting-rust-toolchain) section.

[^2]:
    We highly recommend using Docker because it's oftentimes easier to use
    and debug.

## Install the Rust Toolchain

This is normally a straightforward process, but we've added
[troubleshooting](#troubleshooting-rust-toolchain) details for each stage
in case you experience issues with installation process.

The easiest way to get the official `rustup` script is to run:

```bash
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

> Or, alternatively, you can install `rustup` via a package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, alternatively, you can install `rustup` via your operating system's package manager.
```

```

If you have higher versions, you're fine. If you have lower versions, you
can run the following command to update it:

```bash
rustup toolchain update stable
```

---

If you get lower version numbers **and** you updated the toolchain and it

> didn't work... let's just say it's a common problem, but it doesn't have a

Reviewer: Revert please. Markdown renders ellipsis and three full stops as distinct, and this should be an ellipsis.

common solution.

Firstly, you should establish where the version that you want to use is
installed:

```bash
rustup which rustc
rustup which cargo
```

The user installations of the toolchains are usually in
`~/.rustup/toolchains/stable-*/bin/`. If that is the case, you should be
able to run

```bash
rustup toolchain update stable
```

and that should fix your problems.

---

Another option is that you have the up-to-date `stable` toolchain, but it's
not set as the default. Run:

```bash
rustup default stable
```

This can happen if you installed a `nightly` version or set a specific Rust
version, but forgot to un-set it.

---

Continuing down the troubleshooting rabbit-hole, we could have shell
aliases:

```bash
type rustc
type cargo
```

If these point to locations other than the one you saw when running
`rustup which *`, then you have a problem. Note that it's not enough to
just

```bash
alias rustc "~/.rustup/toolchains/stable-*/bin/rustc"
alias cargo "~/.rustup/toolchains/stable-*/bin/cargo"
```

> because there is an internal logic that could break regardless of how you

Reviewer: Revert. This warrants the zero article.

Author: ```suggestion
because there is internal logic that could break regardless of how you
```

re-arrange your shell aliases.

The simplest solution would be to remove the versions that you don't use.

It's Easier _said_ than _done_, however, since it entails tracking all the
versions of rustup installed and available to you. Usually, there are only
two: the system package manager version and the one that got installed into
the standard location in your home folder when you ran the command in the
beginning of this tutorial. For the former, consult your (Linux)

> distribution's manual, (`apt remove rust`). For the latter, run:

Author: done
